Dev 33333 Scope: 

Watchlist: Crypto detail Screen 

The Crypto detail screen shall have the following sections:
1. Crypto Menu
2. Crypto Value
	Crypto Current price
		Generic price
	Crypto Percent change 
		Based on selected timeframe	
3. Crypto Statistics
	Generic information
4 Crypto News
5. About Crypto
6. Buy Button
	The link/url shall be provided by the API
7. Crypto chat
	The user shall be able to chat about specific cryptocurrencies (see crypto chat below)
8. Listed At
	Exchange
	Price
	Percent change
	Buy Button
		The url provided via the API shall open a mobile web view, In some cases, we may also provide a link to the widget
		
Estimation:
	•	Crypto Menu - will be tabs with a package (e.g. native base) - 3hr 
	•	Crypto Value - 2hr (Crypto Percent change Based on selected timeframe – depends graphs component props )
	•	Crypto Statistics - 1hr or less 
	•	Crypto News - 2hr 
	•	About Crypto - 2 to 4 hr depending upon content parsing  
	•	Crypto chat UI only - 4hr 
	•	Listed At - 3hr

	
Question:
	1. Crypto News -  How many maximum rows do we need to show in one news card, What will happen if the title of the news is more then maximum row limit.
	2. About Crypto - What will be the format of content which will be delivered by API, because content is divided into title and paragraph.
	3. Crypto Chat -  What will be the max limit of the input box.
	4. Crypto Chat -  This section has Input box to type in the message, but no button to send or submit, how the message will be send? 
	5. The watch list screen has Volatility Section, Do we need to work on that?  Scope of this is not in the requirement document. We assume that it will be a re-usuable component.
	6. Listed At - What is the purpose of 3 dots on top right corner of Listed At section.
	7. Crypto Chat - How many message will be displayed initiately or it will be infinite scroll i.e. load new message as user scrolls down.
	8. Crypto News - Do we need to include the scope of "More News" button. (To open new screen)


Note: We need expected api format for following section (Input and output)
	1. Crypto Menu
	2. Crypto Value
	3. Crypto Statistics
	4. Crypto News
	5. Listed At
	6. Crypto chat
	7. About Crypto
	
#4. Crypto Chat, i think it would be great to have small icon to post message in terms of UI/UX. It should be visibale when user start typing. Please refer skype screenshot. Most of the app has it.


